
EDITED EDITED
////
///sdfsdf
//ds/fwestl,we
//s/sfdmksd[
9-30-2018


Choose any one version control tool (free and open-source software with GUI preferred) and learn the basic use of this tool. To demonstrate that you have got familiar with the tool, provide the answers to these questions.

(1) Tell which tool you have chosen and why you have decided to choose this particular tool (for instance, factors related to cost, ease of use, platform constraint, etc.)

(2) Use your words to describe, and use pictures (if any, e.g. screenshots) to illustrate how you track the changes as follows (steps I to VI).

I. At the beginning, create a folder named "test" and add the folder into the version control tool tracking system. Then create one file named "001" under this folder. Commit any change if necessary.
II. Next, add another file named "002" in the same folder and commit the change ("adding") in the version control tool. 
III. Followed by adding that file, create a branch (namely, "branch-A") in the version control tool and make some changes to the contents in file "001" under the newly created branch. Then commit the change from file "001".
IV. Create another branch (namely, "branch-B") from the main branch (NOT from "branch-A"!) in the version control tool and make some changes to the contents in file "002". Then commit the change from file "002".
V. The next step is to merge "branch-A" and "branch-B" and commit the change to the main branch. Record what you see from such an operation and make your own decision which version you want to keep.
VI. At last, Revise the current change from the merged result to the beginning where there was one file named "001". Record what you see from this operation.

(3) Show a graph of all version related operations from version control tool. The graph is used to visually explain how changes are made.

(4) Did you encounter any problems and do you want to address anything else such as additional features from the version control tool that you are using? Make some inputs you would like to mention. 


Submission instruction:
(1) Upload an electronic document in .doc, .rtf, .docx, or .pdf format. If you prefer not using a desinated format of document to submit the homework, discuss with the instructor in advance.
(2) In your documented submission, make sure all texts and pictures are included. Materials provided outside the document (e.g. through external links to an website) will not be checked or graded.

Grading:
Question-1: 2 points; Question-2: 6 points in total; Question-3: 2 points; Question-4 is for bonus points.
  



